you
yeah I've been coming here for like the
eight weeks nine weeks total natural
movement here at the monkey budget which
I love it's nice I'm not worried about
am i doing moves correctly I was three
diabetics before I came here all my
levels are down to where they need to be
and I love coming here monkey bars kind
of incorporated all those fun aspects
that you had as a child in the workouts
certainly challenging but Austin a lot
of fun great camaraderie here at the gym
there's a lot of people that want to see
you succeed and I are going to push you
to when I left here I felt like I had a
lot of gay I wanted to keep those things
even when i got home ready to jump seven
treadmill these are the most intense
workouts I've ever done by far and I'm
pretty close to reaching my goal moments
at it love this gym I never regretted
not one day look forward to it every
time no frills there's no mirrors people
here are here to look at themselves with
are working on everybody it's a team
environment everyone's working together
I have the proud designation of being
the first monkey bar Jim Milwaukee
number in the last two months I've been
back for the better diet with
coming to the gym every morning at six
in the morning I've happened to drop
almost 11 pounds it's the only gym that
has ever kept me interested this long
otherwise I go to a drainage in my get
bored it's I stopped after a week or two
this just kept me going to improved a
lot of things in my life I'm losing
weight I'm gaining a lot of strength a
lot of stability and it really helps you
kind of learn techniques that you've
forgotten over the years things to not
injure yourself and really just improve
your overall well-being and I've become
completely addicted to it if I have to
miss it I get very upset it's just fun
you feel like a kid again to work out
the same and you're going to have a
blast did you join this place I've been
doing the workouts online for probably a
year and was really excited when they
opened up a branch in Milwaukee and it
was just a no-brainer for me I did
30-day challenge to give it a try and
really like the workouts feel like I'm
in the best shape of my life just
overall fitness is great what attracted
me to the monkey bar jim was I wasn't
enjoying my work out doing a lot of
lifting weight repetitive kind of things
and I didn't feel like my mobility my
balance and my flexibility were being
affected at all so I I tried it and I
found that they had the exercises for
every level
pretty much have your own personal
trainer during the class which is great
as well I think the workouts at Monkey
Bar gym are simply unparalleled I don't
think there's anything out there like it
and I'm so impressed with what they have
to offer they're always continuing to
show me new things and I'm always
challenged I'm absolutely never bored
and I'm looking forward to coming back
every single day